docs: Add webhook server implementation guide / tutorial (#561)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/tutorials/pages/writing-a-webhook-server.adoc

= Writing a webhook server

== Creating a new binary crate

Webhook servers are developed and deployed alongside the product operators.

> This can be achieved by creating a new binary crate in the same repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be achieved by creating a new binary crate in the same repository, and adding it to the workspace.
```

Reviewer: Just found out this is automatic. But I think the suggestion still applies.

Author: It is. I will still add your suggestion and slightly expand it to indicate that this is done automatically in never cargo versions.

> Let's walk through the creation of such a binary step-by-step using our Airflow operator as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow along through the creation of such a binary, using the Airflow operator as an example.
```

> We get started by entering the `airflow-operator` repository and then creating a new binary crate using `cargo`.

Reviewer: I would add a newline before this paragraph, but I didn't add it in the suggestion because then the per-word diff didn't work, and I think that is more important.

```suggestion
Start by entering the `airflow-operator` repository and creating a new binary crate using `cargo`.
```

[source,shell]
----

> cd path/to/airflow-operator
> cargo new rust/webhook-binary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/stackabletech/airflow-operator.git
cd airflow-operator
cargo new rust/webhook-binary
```

----

This created and adjusted multiple files.
The root `Cargo.toml` file gained another workspace member and a new folder `rust/webhook-binary` with default files was created.
Next, add `stackable-webhook` and `tokio` as dependencies.

[NOTE]
====
All dependencies below used the latest version at the time of writing.
Make sure to use the **current** latest version when following this guide.
====

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

=== The root `Cargo.toml`

```

[source,toml]

> ----
> [workspace.package]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
[workspace]
members = ["rust/crd", "rust/operator-binary", "rust/webhook-binary"]
resolver = "2"

[workspace.package]
```

version = "0.0.0-dev"
repository = "https://github.com/stackabletech/airflow-operator"
# ...

[workspace.dependencies]
stackable-webhook = { git = "https://github.com/stackabletech/operator-rs.git" }
tokio = { version = "1.29", features = ["full"] }
----

'''

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

=== The new webhook crate's `Cargo.toml`

```

[source,toml]
----
[package]
name = "webhook-binary"
version.workspace = true
repository.workspace = true
# ...

[dependencies]
stackable-webhook.workspace = true
tokio.workspace = true
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Before continuing, run `cargo build` to ensure your development environment is configured correctly.

```

> Now we are ready to write our custom webhook server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you are ready to write a custom webhook server.
```

== Conversion webhook

> If we want to write a CRD conversion webhook, we can use an additional abstraction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, you will develop a CRD conversion webhook.
```

The `stackable-webhook` library provides a ready-to-use `ConversionWebhookServer`, which already handles receiving and responding with the correct type.

[NOTE]
====
The `#[tokio::main]` attribute is only available when the https://docs.rs/tokio/latest/tokio/#feature-flags[`macros`] feature is enabled.
Using the `full` feature flag includes the `macros` flag.
====

[source,rust]
----
use stackable_webhook::{
    servers::{ConversionReview, ConversionWebhookServer},
    Options,
};

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() {
    let server = ConversionWebhookServer::new(handler, Options::default());
    server.run().await.unwrap()
}

fn handler(request: ConversionReview) -> ConversionReview {
    // Add you CRD conversion here

>     todo!()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    todone!()
```

:stuck_out_tongue:

Author: Hehe :)
